added deprecation note for Russian (#350)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-18-0/announcements-10-18-0.md

The HOOK_SEARCH can be used by developers to extend the web integration of the search in a custom web application. As announced with [release 10.17](/release-10-17-0/announcements-10-17-0), as of a future version, we will refactor the HOOK_SEARCH interface. If you use this interface in a custom-developed UI application, you must migrate to the new version. Details on how to use the new interface will be provided in the Web SDK documentation of the respective release.

##### Deprecation of Russian localization

> The Russian localization of the Cumulocity IoT platform UI is no longer maintained, and will be removed from the product starting in October 2024.

Author: ```suggestion
The Russian localization of the Cumulocity IoT platform UI is no longer supported. It will be removed from the product in a future version, at the earliest after a 6-month period.
```

> The Russian localization of the Cumulocity IoT platform UI is no longer supported. It will be removed from the product in a future version, at the earliest after a 6-month period.

Reviewer: @BeateRixen so we'll put a specific date here "after July 2024", right?

Author: @pawel-rynarzewski-sag yes, just updated it

> The Russian localization of the Cumulocity IoT platform UI is no longer supported. It will be removed from the product in a future version, at the earliest after a 6-month period.

Author: ```suggestion
The Russian localization of the Cumulocity IoT platform UI is no longer supported. It will be removed from the product in a future version, at the earliest in July 2024.
```

> If you have a continued need for a Russian localization of the Cumulocity IoT UI, please contact our support team.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have a continued need for a Russian localization of the Cumulocity IoT UI, please contact our Support team.
```

> If you have a continued need for a Russian localization of the Cumulocity IoT UI, please contact our Support team.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have a continued need for a Russian localization of the Cumulocity IoT UI, please contact [product support](/about/contacting-support/).
```

##### Deprecation of LWM2M device audit configuration

> The [LWM2M device audit configuration](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.18.0/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#audit-configuration) feature is deprecated. The feature is usable as is in release 10.18. However, it will be disabled by default in a future version.

Reviewer 2: i don't see a real change here - is there supposed to be one?

Author: No
